So, what's...
Oh.
I think like some random YouTube video I found it talks
about like this guitar tone.
And it said it sounded like the guitar tone from Cassiopeia.
And I was like, oh, I'll listen to them.
I was like, oh wait, I've heard of these guys before and like some videos about like we're Mario Kart
music come from, is like. you know. And then...
Yeah.. and now they're like my favorite of all time band.
Yeah.
So good.
They're 80s.
Yeah, back when music was all good.
Yeah.
What's your favorite classical artist?
Yeah, lyric composer.
So you don't like classical artists? Cause they're dead.
You like, like classic rock?
Okay. What about music theory? What's your favorite chord?
What?
Oh, I don't know what it's called exactly
But like it's like, it's like a, I really like it because it's in E chord.
But you don't even play the E in the right hand, you know?
I always think that's like fun. It's like um...
Piano. Yeah, yeah. Piano.
It's like...
I'm just about to explain.